I see who dares to make trouble in Fengxi Courtyard
Mr. Xue, you are finally here
Mr. Gong Yinxue is here
Welcome to Mr. Xue
You four brought so many people to my Fengxi banquet to make trouble
What do you mean?
Haha, dare not, dare not, dare not
Mr. Xue, the poisonous woman, is sitting on the head seat of the true god behind the black gold group
Shoot him now
Mr. Xue, the true god behind the black gold group
Is it my wife Ye Linhan?
Is the true God behind you that important?
Xue Donglai, should you take good care of your flight group?
Bold Mr. Xue's name is not something you can call a bitch
It seems that Mr. Xue did not say that you are the true god behind it, right?
Ling Han, Ling Han
You said you angered Mr. Xue
How can I save you?
Ok ok
Ye Linghan is not the true god behind the black gold group
But why did he just say a word?
Mr. Xue, you have to call the shots for us
This person spoils the Fengxi banquet
We took action to stop him. I don't know what means we used to make all the four major families in Qinzhou go bankrupt
Yes, Mr. Xue
Please save our room
Our house prices have always been used for the head of the hacking group
I haven't helped the group these years
But he bankrupted us with one phone call.
Yes, sir, save us!
No matter how you do it
But now Xue Xian arrives first, you are dead
Yes, he is dead!
You're dead. You're dead. He's dead. He's dead
Interrupt me